Fix scrollbar display issues (#2304)
mihonapp/mihon: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix downloader stopping after failing to create download directory of a manga ([@AntsyLich](https://github.com/AntsyLich)) ([#2068](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2068))
- Fix pressing `Enter` while searching also triggering navigation back on physical keyboards ([@AwkwardPeak7](https://github.com/AwkwardPeak7)) ([#2077](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2077))
- Ensure app waits for Cloudflare challenge to complete before continuing ([@AwkwardPeak7](https://github.com/AwkwardPeak7)) ([#2200](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2200))

> - Fix scrollbar display issues ([@anirudhsnayak](https://github.com/anirudhsnayak)) ([#2304](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2304))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix scrollbar sometimes not displaying while scrolling and not reaching bottom with few items ([@anirudhsnayak](https://github.com/anirudhsnayak)) ([#2304](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2304))
```
